wrestling fans we are here I can angle
the TBA re9 Porto Rico the Raging Bull
Manny Fernandez taking on the banner
number three world junior heavyweight
champion and it started hot Bobby I'll
tell you right now if they turn ever
worn invader number three tattered
argument about who was going to wrestle
Manny Fernandez as you can see invader
three he's in their fight brother okay
Bobby lack usual you are a little bit of
wrong in a couple you're coming this man
never agent bull was supposed to fight
an unknown opponent he called him
because it was not a ranked wrestler he
said let me wrestle with somebody like
Carlos Colonna the invader well if
anyone came out he did not want to
wrestle with a better one but him better
three took the challenge okay look just
watch what happens I told you I was
right when I said ladies and gentlemen
okay the Raging Bull Manny Fernandez if
you did not know a very good friend of
Hackman Bobby Jagger's in San Antonio in
Texas you were roommates we were good
friends we would have got a real girl we
were taking burgers and I'll tell you
something right now your word shut up
brawls together and you love injure a
lot of people also that's where we put a
lot of hospital and the Raging Bull is
still carrying on that it he's doing
what he got to do best he's making
headlines then he's hurting people are
putting him in hospital well to mention
a couple of names that the Jagger's was
associated in San Antonio
Kelly Blanchard and Raging Bull Manny
Fernandez that's right al Perez the
sheepherders a lot of great names come
out of San Antonio Texas
okay in banditry
when entering Reggie boo for nine is
wanted competition the world's uner
heavyweight champion of the will wrestle
in Cosmo says I'll take you on oh you
beautiful side suplex right there
the raging bull with the head went
that's right what a lot of people know
what a lot of people realize many
Fernandez is an excellent excellent
amateur wrestler before he was
professional wrestler was an excellent
football player report professional
Redbox are also and he also he handles
the dukes pretty good for the problem a
crazy individual no respect for life no
respect for nobody and you know that
Bobby that's right the Raging Bull don't
give a damn about nothing baby I guess
you can say that the Raging Bull does
what he wants whenever he wants and you
could never tell if it's coming or going
that's right the Raging Bull may be the
holder of more championship belts of
professional wrestling than any other
restaurant well I will not back up that
state well I will could have the belt
season I was on the other half of them
well there's a reason why you might come
up with a statement like that I'll tell
you something when I'm looking forward
to right now ladies and gentlemen as I'm
looking forward to the Raging Bull Manny
Fernandez crippling the invader number
three I'm looking forward to finishing
this match and then when I get out of
here by because you are really hurting
me I also say hey are your Oh sirs y'all
y'all got those officers don't you
therefrom worrying you are always
worried you're gonna get beaten up you
worry me Bobby
right there beautiful side headlock
takedown little bit of it and something
you never could do when you wrestled you
know we would like to take this
opportunity in the name of Eng
productions Bobby Jagger's myself
capital of sports promotions of thinking
all you beautiful people for buying this
video cassette and there's plenty more
action when you see the signature of Eng
productions backed by the war wrestling
constant on capitol sports you're in for
the best in professional wrestling
that's right for all you girls and
sororities out there i could be a
overpoured wrestling parties also for
videos viewing parties yeah
right in there please beat him up for me
now ho go you don't want to say that now
look at Manny Fernandez right here
that's dumb look there's a kind of guy
this guy he starts beating on a lot of
scars on the forehead I guess he doesn't
have that many friends police - Jack
believe me Manny Fernandez he's got his
stars over his body there's a few people
that beat him up pretty bad okay Spanish
he's known as hell Toto salad behead the
Raging Bull and he has always lived up
to that name that's right he's Pro
vegetable motion he's good action baby
and he's a good wrestler good move by
the beta 3 he is fast and also the
Raging Bull look at this move oh he
missed yes yes that's the only problem
with scientific aerial wrestling you
could win a lot of matches but when you
least expected he could make that
mixtape mistaken it could cost you a
name it turns ladies and gentlemen what
goes up comes down now hi now watch this
ladies and gentlemen Manny Fernandez 275
pounds off the top rope under the chest
area the sternum of invader number write
directly on the chest area like you said
275 pounds and in baby 3 isn't peg and
they're usually hired civilians injured
Ricky burgers want to stop him look the
blood is just coming up black showers
the man has been severely injured his
cavity his stomach area has been
ruptured as you can see Manny Fernandez
is not done yet oh and gentlemen and
Danny Fernandez is going up to put this
man on a wrestling permanently that
Raging Bull finds the target three times
ladies and gentlemen 270 pounds off the
top rope onto the chest and stomach area
of invader number three there you see
the invader number one tmtb Leela Perez
a young bloods hurricane Castillo jr.
everybody subject everybody is out so
worried screaming
the wrestlers are wearing bare three in
a sea of world a blood and this region
will many Fernandez did you see the way
he raised his hands and very happy
victorious manner not concerned at all
with what happened to the invader number
three I'm Manny Fernandez look at that
Manny Fernandez has just done when he
comes to Puerto Rico to accomplish he
came here to get everybody's attention
and all believes up that he was the
vinovich right now he has got
everybody's attention look at the blonde
in the ring good a man is severely
internal bleeding by they beta3 the
wrestlers are weighed that stretcher
they don't even waiting for a stretcher
they're not waiting for an ambulance
they're taking by private car to the
nearest hospital
this is how severely this man was
injured they could not even wait for an
ambulance we're going to follow the
wrestlers taken in beta number three
outside of TB arena this is in catania
Puerto Rico fans are screaming their
crime
and then bury it stick it in the car
they're taking them to a private car
because they can't wait they cannot wait
for an ambulance or any delays they do
not they know he's severely injured but
they do not know the extent of his
injuries won't pass after this match the
embedded three was put on a professional
wrestling for a period four months then
he returned to professional wrestling
more about embedded three on the next
types of Eng present